# Wallachia

Antanasia is a vampire: medieval biotech has repurposed her
reproductive system so that any human DNA she consumes
rejuvinates her own cells, and that is how she has been
living for a century. Only now, after inheriting an old
estate in Wallachia, will she rise to power. You get the
chance to tell her story.

## Gameplay
The people you meet and persuade will be the most valuable
resources to you. Antanasia has little combat prowess:
she has no superhuman abilities at the beginning of the
game, and their is always risk of fatal injury. While she is
clever and wise owing to her years, most of her life has
been spent as a commoner and she does not have much formal
education.

Thus you will need to hire, persuade, seduce, or enslave an
entourage to support you: be it bodyguards, advisors or
administrators. Branching dialogue will be one of the core
elements of gameplay, and will be the main way of
interacting with the manpower you have access to, and
maintaining moral and loyalty.

In order to gain this manpower, there will be a few minor
resources to manage, including money, capital, trade,
production, and reputation.

If you explore, you will be able to find remnants of the
biotech that turned you into a vampire in the first place.
These can bestow superhuman powers to you or your followers,
so use them wisely.

Threats to you and your estate include rival factions,
assassins, natural disasters, and health complications.
Using your resources, you can combat these threats and rise
to power: once you reach a certain reputation you will win
the game.

## Gameplay Systems
The balance sheet: how you manage your money and resources.

The calendar: how you manage your time and move on to new
events.

The map of the estate: lets you visit any room in the house.
You'll use this to find your followers, who will have
schedules around the house.
